---
title: "🏷️👥 Group Tags"
description: "GroupTags allow you to organize and categorize multiple dots using shared tags. Instead of sorting dots one by one, you can apply a GroupTag to quickly group related content — such as projects, tasks, teams, or topics."

navigation: true
authors:
  - name: Lorena Morayma Huasco Aruquipa
    username:  Lorena.huasco@dharbor.com
    avatar: https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/D4E03AQHMC4Xb5mXrwQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1684895142471?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=mIpI99ld4l78rvMAI6b6KLq_S6DdbTHRF7T2e1HZiOQ
    to: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lorena-morayma-huasco-aruquipa-557640184?originalSubdomain=bo
    target: _blank
toc: true
aside: true
editLink: true
prevNext: false
breadcrumb: true
---

### 📝 How to use GroupTags

🧾 Navigate to the dot where you want to apply or view GroupTags.

👥 In the comment or annotation area, tag at least two users. (GroupTags require 2+ members to be created.)

🔗 Once the users are tagged, the system will automatically group them together visually.

📍 Click on the center area of the grouped user icons. This will open a contextual option.

🆕 Choose the “Create New Group” option that appears.

🏷️ Enter the name you want for your GroupTag — something meaningful to your project, team, or topic.

✅ Click Create to finalize the group. The new GroupTag will now appear as an option in your tagging workflow.

📣 Now, instead of tagging people individually, you can simply tag the GroupTag name, and the message will be delivered to all members in that group automatically.


<template>
  <div class="border rounded-lg shadow-md mt-4 h-60">
    <iframe src="/quickstart-capture.png" class="rounded-lg w-full h-full" scrolling="no" frameborder="0"></iframe>

  </div>
</template>


### 💡 Tips 

* Create GroupTags for teams, squads, recurring reviewers, or topic-based collaborators.

* Keep names short and recognizable.

* GroupTags are perfect for speeding up notifications when multiple people need to see the same dot.


::div{class="flex justify-between items-center border-t py-4 mt-10"}

::a{href="/user-guide/features/dot-wall-filters/sharing-permissions" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;" class="flex cursor-pointer  gap-2 hover:opacity-80"}
  :icon{name="lucide:arrow-left" class="mr-3 " }    :icon{name="logos:slides" :size="30"}     Sliders
::
::a{href="/user-guide/features/dot-wall-filters/hashtags" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;" class="flex cursor-pointer gap-2 hover:opacity-80"}
   :icon{name="twemoji:grinning-face" :size="30"} Emojis  :icon{name="lucide:arrow-right" class="ml-3" }
::
::
