---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "In just a few minutes, you’ll capture a Dot, add context, and share it with your team."
navigation: true
icon: lucide:rocket
authors:
  - name: Digital Harbor
    username: "dharbor.com"
    avatar: data:image/png;base64,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
    to: https://digitalharborbolivia.com/
    target: _blank
toc: true
aside: true
editLink: true
prevNext: false
breadcrumb: true
---
## 🚀 Create your first Dot

::card-group{:cols="2"}

  ::card
  --- 
  title: "Capture your first Dot" 
  icon: "1️⃣📸"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/create-dot/select-and-say-something"

  ---
  Open the quick capture bar. Select the option of capture. Your Dot is created automatically and ready for collaboration.
  > 💡 Tip: Choose the capture mode that best fits your screen or area.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: "Add context with annotations"
  icon: "2️⃣🖊️"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/annotations/shapes-annotation"
  ---
  Draw, highlight, or sketch directly on your Dot to explain your ideas clearly.
  > 💡 Tip: Use the Highlighter for emphasis, the Pen for shapes, and the Pencil to freely draw.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: "Write a quick note"
  icon: "3️⃣🗒️"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/dot-kit/text-box"

  ---
  Add a Text Box with pre-written text and customize it to share instructions or feedback.
  > 💡 Tip: Keep notes short and combine them with annotations for better clarity.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: "Capture ideas instantly"
  icon: "4️⃣✨"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/annotations/short-magic-marker"
  ---
  Double-click anywhere to open the Magic Marker and quickly write down your thoughts.
  > 💡 Tip: Perfect for quick ideas, reminders, or spontaneous feedback.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: "React visually"
  icon: "5️⃣😄🏷️"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/dot-kit/emojis"
  ---
 Use Emojis and Stickers to react to comments or notify your team without typing.
  > 💡 Tip: Stickers are great for quick signals like approval, attention, or feedback status.
  ::

  ::card
  ---
  title: "Share and collaborate"
  icon: "6️⃣🔗"
  to: "/getting-started/user-guide/slide-deck/sharing"
  ---
  Share your Dot or your entire workspace with teammates or clients in one click. Everyone can view, comment, and collaborate in real time.
  > 💡 Tip: Add a short message so collaborators understand the context right away.
  ::

::

## ➡️ Next steps

After your first capture and annotation, we recommend exploring:  

- [User Guide](/getting-started/user-guide/create-dot/create-dot) to learn about all the features of DOT APP.   



::div{class="flex justify-between items-center border-t py-4 mt-10"}
::a{href="/getting-started/installation" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;" class="flex cursor-pointer  gap-2 hover:opacity-80"}
  :icon{name="lucide:arrow-left" class="mr-3 "}    :icon{name="fluent-emoji-flat:hammer-and-wrench" :size="30"} Installation
::
::a{href="/getting-started/user-guide/create-dot/create-dot" style="text-decoration: none; border-bottom: none;" class="flex cursor-pointer gap-2 hover:opacity-80"}
   :icon{name="fluent-emoji-flat:camera" :size="30"} Create a DOT :icon{name="lucide:arrow-right" class="ml-3"}
::
::
