---
title: "FAQ"
description: "Frequently asked questions about DOT APP."
navigation: true
icon: lucide:help-circle
authors:
  - name: Tu Nombre
    username: tu-usuario
    avatar: https://www.github.com/tu-usuario.png
    to: https://github.com/tu-usuario
    target: _blank
toc: true
aside: true
editLink: true
prevNext: true
breadcrumb: true
---

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) ❓

### 1. What is DOT APP?

**DOT APP** is a visual collaboration platform that allows you to capture screens, annotate, and share ideas in real time, from your desktop or browser.

---

### 2. Which operating systems are compatible?

- **Windows 10 or superior**  
- **MacOS 11 or superior**  
- Available Extensions  for **Chrome** and **Edge** 

---

### 3. Can I work without an internet connection?

Yes, you can capture and annotate images offline, but **real-time collaboration** requires an internet connection.

---

### 4. How do I share my screenshots with the team?

You can use the **collaboration link** from the Dashboard or automatically sync with your team if everyone has DOT APP installed.

---

### 5. How can I create a new thread?

Take a screenshot using the wall dot option on the main panel, write your message or comment, and select the members who will participate. Once created, all participants will be able to contribute ideas and comments immediately.

---

### 6. Can I work on multiple threads at the same time?

Yes. You can have multiple active threads and switch between them from the side panel. Each thread maintains a separate history of messages and activities.

---

### 7. How do I know who is connected and collaborating on a thread?

At the top of the wall dot, you will see a list of users connected in real time. You will also see an activity indicator when someone is typing or making changes.

### 8. Are the changes we make automatically saved?

Yes. All information shared in threads is saved in real time and automatically to prevent data loss.

---

### 9. Can I mention my colleagues within a thread?

Yes. Use the @ symbol followed by the username to notify them directly within the thread.

---

### 10. Can I attach files or documents to a thread?

Yes. You can drag and drop files into the thread or use the “Attach” button. All members with access will be able to view and download them.

---

### 10. Who can see the threads I create?

By default, only users you invite will have access.

---

### 11. I can't see real-time updates. What should I do?

Check your internet connection. If the problem persists, refresh the page or log out and log back in.

---

### 12. I forgot my password. How do I recover it?

Click on “Forgot your password?” on the login screen and follow the steps to reset it using your registered email address.

---

